# Jokes: -? - you lost me #

8.07.'10
I'm book up at that time, I'm reading books then.

2.07.'10
Timothy's attitude: All, all, gotta get going .. oh, no it's alright.

30.06.'10
That cost me nothing, but I still want my money back! - Josh S

24.06.'10
Study is your friend! .. Some how. :-\

What do you call painting with your feet on a wall? Grafeety(sp).

How does Silver get Gold's attention? Aye you! How does Gold respond? Ay gee! - Hamish Matthew Chales Galt

23.06.'10
Good loaf, best I've ever tasted! Nearly as good as Mum's was.

22.06.10
Food has been injested. And I don't say that in jest.

Make like a worm, and get a riggle on!

Timothy: ...what was the joke?
Joel: You're supposed to write it down when you run the program, not read the other jokes first.

Timothy: Hamish egged me into baking, now I'm covered in flour!

Aren't You Cold? No, I'm wrapped up in my thoughts. - Timothy

There's two trains of thought; I got to the station and missed both of them.

17.06.'10
A reaf knott is tied and true.

13.06.'10
I pulled my cold stone heart out and killed a bird with it.

Good catch, good thow. What about bad throw, exellent catch!

That Puppy OS is a dog!

Trying to configure Puppy Linux. I searched on the HDD and found a magic wand and started waving it. Then started jumping up and down waving it. Then Jo came along and we got it fixed!

What happen when the Puppy OS crashes? It pooped!

Some one took my baking tray without asking, I was betrayed.

Problem on computer. Ask Jo, the Jo to man!

2.06.'10
You need to watch out for land lines, they can blow you up to simtherines!

Quince is great because it makes it easier for all poets who want to write poems about princes. - Luke Williamson

22.05.'10
Hey, every one, quick, have some biscuits before there're all gone! - Timothy

What do you call getting data about your enemies? Infoemation.

I'm taste testing Timohty's cake. Just because first piece of cake was alright doesn't mean the rest is.

20.05.'10
Brace yourself, Hamish might hug you! Rawr! ^_^ - no this wasn't Hamish

18.05.10
I was trying turbo, but I couldn't be bothered waiting.

Windows 7 isn't working like it should. Lost Vista installing 7, have to buy Vista and use Ubuntu in the mean time. - Well this joke wasn't clearly one.

17.05.'10
Hedgehogs are very cool! Yes, and very spikey!

Just 'man up'! And become a 'man down'!

It is a mess, but it's done!

That's not vinegar in the vinegar bottle, it's actually whiskey!

Go into a shop and take photos.

14.05.'10
You can rince and wash the dishes. While I stand by and dry.

I only get up from bed because I sleep walk!

12.05.'10
That big Lift hasn't got much left. Yes, the bigger they are the faster they go down. It's the law of phisics(sp).

4.05.'10
The biscuits are on display saying "Eat me!". So don't let them down, eat them up!
Procrastinators unite! .. Tomorrow. - Hamish.
>>
Hamish - Timothy: Your stubble is always awesome!
Timothy: It gets better at cirtain points.
Joel: Lots of points.
<<
Was a while before that though:
Get up in one zees have 11 zees, and go back to bed zees, and sleep zees.

30.04.'10
Joel's jokes are so quick so spotanisous(sp) that even he didn't see them coming! - Timothy

if you don't want to be attacked by bulls, act like a donkey :-) - Philip Williamson

29.04.'10
(programming) Squashing bugs like flies!

26.04.'10
I don't like loosing things, i-specily if they are mine.
>>
facebook:

Checking the fridge every ten minutes to see if any food magically appeared
PANTS ON THE GROUND!!! LOOKIN LIKE A FOOL WITH YO' PANTS ON THE GROUND!
Laughing until it hurts and you can't breathe!
Anyone noticed that "studying" is like "student" and "dying" put together?
When I'm alone in my house + hear a noise, I presume I'm going to be killed
I forgot your name, so i'm waiting for somebody to say it.
I'm pretty sure New Zealand is the best country in the world.
<<

25.04.'10
you can wash clothes in the hotel sink using shampoo and dry them with the hotel hair dryer -- Walter Bright

24.04.'10
I wasn’t really asleep I was just meditating on unconsciousness - Caleb Hoolihan

22.04.'10
You've got to love the work 'stuff', you can stuff it every where.

20.04.'10
I tracked it down and fixed it up!
Don't make a fun password that you want to show every one!

17.04.'10
It takes a lot to fail, but I've got what it takes!

16.04.'10
Ok every stay in position while I go charge the camera battiers for the shot.

15.04.'10
Tataihono Nikora decided to randomly visit moodle and found out that he has a test on monday...fail.

14.04.'10
I changed my mind yesterday, this one isnt working any better though. - Joe Vincent

8.09.10
Hmm. I'm trying to think and it's not working!

Keep every thing in your travail bag and if you can fit your wardrobe, put that in too.

23.03.'10
The problem with prepareing yourself food is, you now have to eat it!

22.03.'10
Remove your nose before entering the toilet room.

My batteries charged in no time flat!

I ran that thought over and over in my mind, now it's flat as a pan cake!

7.03.'10
My nose indicates you need a bath.

5.03.'10
Going to get some R'n'R, go rock climbing with Ryan and Rosemary.

Joel: Getting nice juice from the fridge.
Timothy: That looks nice, my cups the one that says "I love you!"

18.02.'10
I can't pray to save my self!

14.02.'10
Self deficating(sp) Britsh(sp) humor. - Big Ben

13.02.'10
Make like a borld man, and get out of here! - Head from Phil S

Back to the furture, Make like a tree and leave!

12.2.2010
It's the pills, so avoid your ills and head for the hills!

5.02.'10 - Desin(sp) students grizzly(sp), yes they bearly make it.

14.01.'10: Starting my car, was like logining in with no password!

Joel: Bombs, craters and allegators!
Hamish: The bombs made crators, which filled up with water, and got allegators in it.

- Why do you call this version of software 'beta'?
- cuz' it'z beta than nothin'. - digital D news group

I'm not cool, I just know all the moves. :-)

I couldn't spell resipe, so I googled cooking.

I couldn't Spell Gisborn, so I went on Google Maps.

Brilliant(sp) people to brillant(sp) things.

All a board! Every ones board(sp) so get on the ship.

Oh, stink I'm sweating!

If  you don't get off your bottom, you'll be left behind!

I phone didn't cost any thing, it didn't charge!

I saw there were pills, so I headed for the hills.

Timothy's too close to the book shelf, books are popping out all over him!

>>
I find finding files frustrating, fixing for far finer Blender.

Or another words:
I don't like Blenders file browsing system, two things might help: have it so you can press letters making the selection find files starting with that letter or those letters. Another thing would be pasting from the OS into Blender.
<<

I'm trying but the task is trying too.

Oh, forgot the joke!

I've picked a terrible paper. Should have just picked my nose.

I know what's done behind closed doors..Poos and wees!

Never try, never fail! - Robots DVD

The name of Joel's business: The Effortless industry of unidustriousness. - Can't write that down, too many big words!

You could paint the stones blue and trick people into thinking they are blue berries. But they would be pointy. Put the them in a tumbler. I haven't got very good teeth, I tried some hard berries.

I asked the washing machiine for advice, but it was too wishy washy.

The slighery skalerly suttle silenty snake snuck in the snooker room. -?

Timothy is putting a lot of strawberries on his plate. You eat a lot of mushrooms...Toadstills. -?

I feel like doing dishes.
Hold that thought and carry it over to the kitchen!

I believe you are perpetually, indecisively rash.

No try, no error!

If in doubt, knock yourself out!

Vista control panel. I use the classic view. So as to look and find, as apposed to just looking.

To avoid people telling you off, tell your self off, and they wont have too.

Time to task tacks target.

What people do, can rub off on others. Some people covered in pollen. -?

A tall tail doesn't make much sence. A long tail makes more.

Lewis was born in 1898, Belfast, and died.

First things first.

John, Jacob, and Joel. The three rock climbing candidates. All start with J's. - So they can eat my cream, (but not the bottom part, because it has 'oel').

If your talking to me, you'll need to fill in the blanks.

Today, we got no where. Tomorrow, we take over the world! - Timothy like this one

Always get two packets of biscuits, one for yourself, and the other for everyone else.

Better loud and proud, than quiet and defining(sp).

You desperatly(sp) under estimate(sp) you own erelavance(sp). - Timothy
