25.05.'10
Socked 13 pairs of washed and diried (dryer) socks!

30.04.'10
\o/ My Birthday \o/

31 - JO31 is

Got texts but didn't get up for them. Hamish passed me my cell phone. And left some thing on my exturnal(sp) keyboard.

Thanked people for their birthday greetings by cell phone and facebook. Ria, Maree, and Chris and Margaret Thomas.

Me and Phil had planned to do the dishes this morning, (no clean tea towels last night). The shower was cold, (no I wasn't having a wash) Phil said it was cold.

Sent greetings to Fraser for Maree to see. When I sent the first one I though they might want to print it out and it has a black background, so I sent another with a white background. Not that they are that good.

Copied the May 2010 calander picture onto my white flash drive (or onto White maybe).

Went to the shops. Had a strawberry milk shake, and also a Snickers. Saw Wendy and Sarah in the warehouse car park, they didn't see me.

Worked on Balliters to have a RAWR sound for when Hamish played it. Also added having a name for each time you ran the game. Played Hamish, I think he like the RAWR part. He won at last and quitted on that note. Worked on changing the keys as Hamish pointed out, it did not take long.

Went around the shops. Had a bottle of ginger beer at the Hillcrest Superett. Had a fish and a sausage at Mei Wah's. Had a 250ml V at Knighton Dairy.

Had brought Timothy's Leo cup up from Dad's. Gave it to him today.

Drove my car a little backward and then back forward. Use the idea of not using the accerlrator(sp) for backing.

Hoped on my bike and rode to the Bleakley park, rode accross the field to Steed Tree. Climbed it. Rode around the park.

Entered detailed book keeping into my Money program.

Listened to Timothy talk to Hamish.

Hamish asked if I wanted any thing fromt the takeaways from out side the smallest room in the house. I said ham burger.

Went to get a drink (lemonade). Hamish was in the same shop waiting for the take aways. He tried my drink. He's practicing using his left hand to do stuff he can do with his right hand.

Phil came back (he was out for a while). We should have asked him when we were getting takeaways.

Timothy's doing baking. He told Hamish about doing icing but not much icing it turns out.

Chris and Josh are missing at the moment.

Used up skill programs. I press Control + Alt + J and enter 'pp ' where I get a list of programs and stuff under 'pp '.

I can smell baking. Sounds like one cake went poof with too much baking powder or some thing.

Uploaded files from my camera card to Jet (my little all black ExHDD). Played some tree climbing videos that Matt Steed took.

Booted Ubuntu (what I'm using at the moment). Got this (Bible Gate) program to run using WINE had to edit the ini file changing the path.

Red a whole book of the Bible, 2 John in my nice little ESV Bible.

Packed stuff in my yellow back pack for going to Dad's so he can come up for Timothy's graduation on Monday. Not sure how Dad gets back, do I go back too and get a bus?

Played ROTT on Ubuntu. Found when saving my game that I could incript(sp) my age in my name. JO31. Told Hamish about it and he said it was pretty sweet.

Cut my nails with a clipper from my bum bag.

Got stuff out of my leg pockets, got 2 flash drives out of my left hip pocket with the keys. Got a hankey out and cell phone out (unhooking the strap). Got note book and pen out of my shirt pocket.

-----8<--------upto-here-----8<---

22.04.'10
Had car lessons on: Sunday (Matt Steed), Tuesday (Matt), and now todayThursday (Philip Shorter).

14.04.'10
Got to Bardoe's place the same time as Chris. I biked.

Read aloud quite well out of my new Bible.

Couldn't find the key to the bike shed. Jo looked around and found it (he was last in the shed, and one posiblity was that he lock the key, the only key in the shed).

Did tea, (ate two helpings because I made too much), Chris Rich wasn't here to do it.

Helped Joshua with dishes. He sniffed the finished plain yoghurt jar, which was not good. I had eaten a lot of it with that smell.

29.03.'10
Timothy was taking a long time to arrive so I texted him. Strait after texting him I hear his cell phone go off, he had arrived and was in the lounge.

23.03.'10
When and got a drink at the Hillcrest takeaways, got a bottle of frank Lemonade. When I was putting the change notes in my wallet, I found a United Video card in there. I went to the video store and found it was mine. I had a while back had got texted about late videos, when at the same time I had lost my card. So I thought some one had picked it up from me dropping it when getting another card out. Looks like it wouldn've been a case of a store worker entering the wrong information. But I've not knowen I still had the card for a long time, and also thought some one else had it.

11.03.'10
Ria and Roselyn's birthday. Went on my Slow Type program, and the first letter I got was 'R'. And at one point I got 'R' and 'I' consecitively(sp).

9.03.'10
Caught a fly with my hand then it got loose but I caught it again strait away and dealt with it.

4.03.'10
I though I should wash my current towel, but I didn't know where  my other towel was. So I emptied out a big bag of clothes and it wasn't there, Then I found it in my open draws.

23.02.'10
Went to catch the bus to change my address at WINZ. The bus was coming and I wasn't at the bus stop, so I ran. Another bus thought I was wanting the first bus and was waving his hand. The other bus stopped for a while, before leaving (I shock(sp) my head near the end).

21.01.'10 - Luke handed Stevo's cell phone to me thinking it was my phone. The guy got the idea that he had Stevo's old number (when I said my name) and hung up. Luke had thought it was my phone.

14.01.'10 - Got my car today. Talked to Chris T. Might want 3rd party insurance, and theft insurance.

Got Dad better setup with Twitter. Though got a voice mail from Dad mucked with wtih Twitter, or some thing.

11.1.'10 - I climbed a tree and did a search for trees in my Bible on my cell phone.

7/10/'09 - Thought of a new goal last night (or was it in the morning (the early hours)?) Rise before 8am every morning at lessed before Monday. Got

Got up before 8(am). Jogged forgot to streach before and also after run. Was 10 minutes.

Got two different Andrew's messages in a row.

30/9/09 - Recorded the Cross Roads. 404,444 kb for the wav  file (used the 1GB sd card). 36,686 kb for the mp3 file.

Timing Windows boot up after using Winodows defender. First I looked at my timer 1.50 second time I looked at my timer 2.50. I had both screens displaying at the some time, including the laptop. It's at 6 minutes and still going (the hard drive). Looks like it takes about 7 minutes to boot up now. And now my screen isn't dark any more, but has a slite(sp) flick now and again, edited later -> (yes, it's back to dark).

Had trouble trying to copy notes from my phone to my computer, but I used Vistas program search thing, and got the file. It's a process though: Loop - 1) run blue tooth program 2) set to recieve 3) select and send note 4) rename text file 5) delete note

29/9/09 - For my jog today I dangled my keys out side of my shorts but a little while into the jog I noticed the keys were gone. I  thought of a new trick which was to hide the keys at the house some where. Later I was reading "Changes that heal" about the need for bonding (a negitive thought changes the cemistry of the blood). When I heard some one with a clear voice say about being locked out, at which point I remembered that I 'd left my keys in a hiding place.

27/9/09 I read in a D forum:  The .7z format is highly recommended (for all OSes) because it's roughly 
one-quarter (!) the size of the others.

How do you get rid of apps in facebook?

26/9/2009 Got FarmVIll(sp) working in facebook. Ria helps her kids play it. Seems boring to me, but then I find every thing boring and a pain.

Got dmc to work with Allegro. And do C++ with it, yay! D is so much eaiser(sp). .. 26/9/2009 It doesn't have STL setup to work.

Got descent working some what in eclipse (compile and run doesn't work).

Got garbage in my Money program (detailed book keeping). It doesn't really matter because it gets replaced if you put more than three charaters in the 'items' field. A funny thing with them is the last rubbish characters are smiley faces, and two kinds, a black face and a white one.

2009 A semester: I'm still studying, well I go to the lectures and can be seen at the labs. But I not doing any good at all, I can't answer any questions. I was on too much medication and was snoozing at the lectures. I don't know if I can study, I had trouble before, I think I might be worse.

First flat I lived I didn't have a desk , chair or bed. My room already had a bed (which I bought for a tiny price), also it had a desk, and later I got a chair for free. The chair is mine now. Second flat, again no desk but I was aloud to use one of my flat mates ones (he got it free).

Stop animation painting.

Timothy said about having a block of days with Dad.

I'm in a bus station, waiting for a local bus to get here. There might be a better bus to get on but I'm not sure. So taking the bus to Uni. Went to Dad's for the week end. Went to Tam church, and stopped at Fred's with Doug, watched a DVD of Dad's, said that Christ has AB blood.

Got a hoody with Timothy showing it to me.

I prayed some would came and be a helper with my statistics. And low and behold a man did. (or though I can hardly remember praying). Not much help at all.

Wrote Dad a bit of an email. Also sent him his name as an attachment.

I've picked a terrible paper. Should have just picked my nose.

Went to the shops and got a drink Mt dew. Was going to go in one shop but it was closed (Saturday). Waited in line at the warehouse, a worker opened a new counter but it was broken. Drank some of the drink enroute back home.

Dropped a computer science paper on Friday the 13th.

Made a program that you have a curser you move around and type stuff.

Beat Matt Steed in two (all) games of chess, twice in a row.

Saw Susana(sp) three times in one day. Once at a bus stop, she was walking into town, (such a nice day). Then, wearing black with a cap on, went past near the lake at Uni. Lastly in the main eating place. (she saw me these times also).

Celerbrated Susana(sp)'s birthday today (March 1,09). Went to a play in the gardens, got up soon after 3am. I was cold for a while, and rain was possible to come down, we took along unbrellers. I splept or some thing till 12pm after the play. Timothy recodised a main actortress(sp). {I hate spelling! Don't know what I learnt at school on writing}. Went to Sue's place and played pass the parcle(sp), ate  (I got a thing of drink, drank it, got another one and drank it too all quickly. Sue's sister Katherine was there. Esther cut hedge, and she has scrap holes. Marty came, he had his own pass the parcle(sp) and I won, also used it to play catch with. Played soccer I got tired and walked, ended up just golk keeping and wasn't much good there either. Timothy and I got a soccer ball from the Hillcrest warehouse. Some of us had a go at chin ups bars, Phil is athletick(sp). Went to the shops and got a bottle of orange drink and brought it back to the flat and put my name on it. The phone rang twice today, both from Sue and I got the phone both times, I said, when I picked up the phone, Joel here, and I think that was a good way to answer the phone.

Phil Shorter is talking to Ben about God'n'stuff.

Wrote to Mari. Went to the shops and got a spearmint milkshake ($3.30), this time it was mixed properly. Got lolly logs (not the real name, the real name is in another language), for ($3).

I became a fan of John Bevere. Here's a piece I red: I want to address the topic of self-image...Self-image is not something we’re born with it. It is forged through pain, pressure and praise. Pain causes us to become aware of something previously unnoticed. Pressure brings hidden things to the surface.

Started moving into my new room today (12.2.'09). I've got most of my bags in my room, my bed, and computer.

I'm off to update the regertration(sp) of car. I've got washing on but it looks like a wet day. I guess I should tell Chris Thomas when I get the reg for car that go in the frount window. I put the washing on with the ground still wet.

I had a bus to catch. I waited for about 3 then went out to wait for the bus. Actually I should have been out there 15 min before. I was thinking that the bus arrived at 3 not leave at three. I don't know how that happened I think it's the first time I think, and I've taken a few buses.

I think chocolate baby fish are good.

Went for a walk before tea. Got a fried fish for $2.80, and a strawberry milk drink for $3.00.

Trying to work on a program I did on the Amstrad, called Mud. I couldn't copy the charaters accross. Maybe I should try a proper paint program, and not IrfanView. Now I've tried GIMP, wonderful program, throw Mud out the window. If I can't make my old little games, how am I suppose to get any where with programming. Well, I got the characters worked out, first you resize the screen, then crop out the characters.

I'm at the computer using facebook, eating large pinapple(sp) lumps. I bought them intesapating(sp) Timothy's return from a group walk. A walk up Mt Eggmont or some thing.

Got my beach project news letter to do. But I don't think I have much to write, since I didn't do much and can't remember much.

Took the rubbish and recycle(sp) stuff out. Went out side and took the cans and bottles out. Crashed the cans and squeshed(sp) air out of the bottles. Put them back in the  recycle bin.

Had a 1 litre of juice at once.

I've got beef to fry. Not fun and probably won't turn out good... Well, I've got the meat on. Don't know if Phil S is having any, he was heading for the Uni. I think I burnt the conola(sp) oil, the meat was sisaling(sp) away. I've set the heat to lower than what Rob H showed me. The meat doesn't seem to be cooking through...It's prity good, not too chewy.

You don't put new wine into old wine skins because the grap jusic with furment fast and burst the old wine skins. New wine hasn't furmented.

Haven't been sleeping later. And can get up more eaily but don't like facing the day.

I don't seem to be so good with nothing to do. I went to a student life beach mission at Whangamata. I've been sleeping in lately, going back to sleep later.

I'm typing on my problematic computer.

The last few days I've been sleeping in and then going back and lyning down. Today (13/1/2009) I got up early, but no shower, went and got my blood test. Can't spell jernal(sp).

Went to my GP. Had ears to clean out, some infection. Later went to Ears people, Lady said I would have to use blue tack for my ears or sterilise(sp) my ear plugs. Ate  on the way there and back.

