List:

3.07.'10
Shawn of the Dead - Grant C recommends the DVD

22.06.'10 ~
I don't know know if I have the facialties(sp) to do much! Maybe I do, but it takes all my time.

15.06.'10
Up and say it.

27.05.'10
Once you can except failure, you can try any thing.

Create, Continue, Complete.

24.05.'10
Time and attention. - www.43folders/com

23.05.'10
I have some idea, but not enough to use.

21.05.'10
Version 1.04, released in April 1987, added support for the VGA graphics adapters of the new IBM PS/2 computers.

17.5.'10
Names are keys.

Older paper with fabric last longer than fax paper. Paper in plasic, not good.


30.04.'10
I have a new trick, view photos with cooliris and choose favourites.

Joel Brobecker 29 Apr 16:47 - some break through with GDB and the D programming language.

27.04.'10
I seem to make big deals out of small things.

27.04.'10
“It’s not who you are that holds you back, it’s who you think you’re not.” — Author Unknown
Stand on the Shoulders of Giants.

26.04,'10
Jay Baker's 30th must be this month. James B knows him.

25.04.'10
I'd say I tend to be clunky.

23.04.'10
http://tinyurl.com/yyw9yzy - Chris Rich
I don't like it either, but I do it any way.

22.04.'10
I don't like doing tea, I get emotional when doing onions.
Me and my mixtures.

17.04.'10
I have to charge my batteries every day, otherwise I go flat.

15.04.'10
Now why did that idea not cross my mind. It is because there's a brick wall in the middle of my mind.

Lazy thinker, believe every thing you hear.

14.04.'10
Looking in  impossible places!
It is this way, I'm not going mad!

8.04.'10
Pajamas are usually loose fitting and designed for comfort, using softer materials such as cotton or the more luxurious silk or satin. - I was just interested in satin.

6.04.'10
Don't laugh at my jokes, it makes me laugh too!

5.04.'10 -  Rob Turner - thejclub@clear.net.nz
Finished watching Popeye the sailer man DVD right on 3:00pm.

Be a man!?  You mean a mere man!

I'm frustratingly dumb. Copied a program to another place, to do with compiling it. Didn't test it properly and lost infomation.

How do you find a good GP. One thing, check his heart rate and stuff.

You need procrastiation(sp) because that is where your brain settles and thinks of the more intricate(sp) things.

Are you insecure? Maybe.

It's difficult and stupid way to do it. So why do I do it that way. Because I'm difficult an stupid.

My social interactions come back to haunt me.

I am dumb, but I'm good at it!

captcha - harder for humans to read and a bit harder for machines to read.

I have a week hold on things. Like I don't want any more or less meat for doing tea, I don't want to thore(sp) any meat. My spelling is bad.

My life is like this. Think of a gass stove with a pan on it. Now I'm on the pan, and or though the pan stops me from falling into the fire, I'm still frying on the pan and I can't here nor there to get away from the frying.

Ran a long way with cider vinigar(sp) in my pocket.

Either feeling like lying down, or actually lyning down. I watched movies to avoid lyning down.

Looks like the /elements/ could have destoried it;

The blow off might be quiet, but the smell is loud!

Corey Feldman - in 'The Burb's young. 2004

Amazing Grace: The History and Theology of Calvinism

Improvement missed - Not asking if I can get a ride to pay a flat bill.

MSN - Is rubbish they throw out of rubbish dumps! I can't use MSN because I can't update it.

Vim - you know some thing is utter rubbish when you have close it and run it again, and you haven't even done anything. If you can't quit the program you know it's rotten to the core! Vim looks like it's from another world - an editor for extraterrestials(sp).

4.03.'10
Life is about pain and suffering. It is the fall, after all!
Just because it's cheap, doesn't mean you should buy it!

Jo, Joel and Josh

Firefly tv series. Serenity  movie

Hamish Matthew Chales Galt - not sure on the spelliing

Arc (arch) (?)

syn with, together. eg working with God to gain eternal life.

www.divx.com
AAC audio playback to complement H.264 video, a significant improvement over the well-known MP3 format

Live code. (or do I have to wait about 15 minutes?)

Mouse moveing madness.

Tweet deck isn't much good for writing direct tweets, (I don't even know how, maybe there's a way). It does have automatic tiny url.

Pride and Predudice and Zombies is hillarious... thoroughly enjoyable...
You'll get bord out of your tree! - Steve Cantwell

Jasmine M said, "Timothy's awsome, I love him!"

Running:
8.32 minutes -- to run a mile

Birth stones:
My birhday stone is: Sapphire - I used to think it was diamond, but diamond is in a different part of the month.

_Music player_ that continues where you quit it when you run it again.

Psalm 42 - preach to your soul.

What is micro progamming?

I'm a crap programmer.

K people:
Kenneth Twizell - WINZ case manager
Kerry - cemmist that says 'Thanks Joel'
Ken Johnson - my GP, was my GP
Keith - guy I worked for - (not sure this one is counted)

I've asked for help in Tango in 'Tango HowTo' - Moder..: Larsivi Kris
