 //#The Pills:

Hadley Amaru: Hey Russ, yeah families doing well. Just bought a house in *Inglewood* and in the process of renovation. Works great!

news.digitalmars.com - 29516 headers to download (I'm 29 very near 30)

$172.50 two days work. 12/2/09

Misc::

"/7ol65t;plytffcccccccccl                        =p[[[[[[" - typed by a hedge hog, 10:00 Sunday 19/10/2008.

from Jono B church 15 min to hillcrest wearhouse.
9 min from warehouse to Fenwick.

Jono Buetow (sp)

Forgot what I was going to put!

|_Proverbs 20:30 -- The blueness of a wound cleanseth away evil: so do stripes the inward parts of the belly.

Heb412 - V password

|_Hebrews 4:12 -- For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any twoedged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart.

Pal talk: highway32

Tension of the day, peace of the morning.

Focus on what you /can/ do! And you'll have a, can do, attatude, (and I can not spell attitude.

// Intereage
double Riddle(char[] question,
                       char[] accertion)
{
/*
   A question,
   an accertion
*/

   return question~"\n"~accertion;
}

Me and Timothy love those fire alarms! The earlier, the better! :-)

I'm sick of people thinking I'm sick. I'm well, not like I normally am.

How is your countenance?

28 hits for the word 'countenance' in the KJV. Found that at age 28.

|_Luke 2:52 -- And Jesus increased in wisdom and stature, and in favour with God and man.

My life is stranger than fiction! :-)

Time of Day: 12:31pm 1+2=3 3+1=4 - 34

The first hit with 'Ezra' |_ 1Kings 4:31 -- For he was wiser than all men;

The Pills:
1) Make me uneasy, not comfortable in my skin, restless.
2) Interfears bady with my thinking.Eg. can't really program, (do muck around ones, with effort).
30 They make me sick, so I go around sick.
4) Then I go to 'sleep', but not real sleep -- encharnted(sp) sleep!
7) I need to be off these bad, under the gize of medication, pills, as soon as maybe. And none of this weaning off 3bisness.
8) Cann't stay focused on things.
Have short term memoy loss.

void CodeStart()
{
/*
C:\Jpro\dpro\ampog>bud ammain.d -full -clean -debug -I..\..\dmd\src\ext gdi32.li
b alleg.lib -ofampog -exec
ammain.d(365): Error: long has no effect in expression (2)

C:\Jpro\dpro\ampog>
*/
} // code end

Oh, how I love the LORD! :-)

I've been trying to do programming, but kept going to sleep.

I can't see my self as mentally ill!

Every one should want what I have..Joy! :-)

Taking snap shots, when talking.

I'm so much better when I'm mad, I should say this way indefinitly(sp).

Watch it Mr. smiley! -- ano

Computer programming, no place for the manic/elavated mood man!

I'm in an impossible position!

Here's a complyment(sp) I got. I'm down to earth.

So far, so good! :-)

I'm going to have so much fun, to add to the fun I'm already having.

I was doing so well, what happened?

I wonder if I can pop into my classes, say 'Hi!'?
If just had elervated mood, I would be much different. I don't think that much of feeling good, just because a doing is playing. For example.

If I applied myself, I might be able to do some school work. But programming is much better, without all the restictions(sp).

I'm much beter than usual.

If I'm manic, then I've been ript off!

When it comes to being right about my current state; so far so good! :-)

I have a sore tooth, is quite sore some times.

I've got sunshine, on a cloudy day!

|_Jam 3:17 -- a holy life and is characterized by getting along with others. - MSG

Me against every one else interms of how I should be. And I'm winning.

I believe I had lofe abundaly(sp), not some kind of alivated(sp) mood.

Daddy, I love you!

I'm inlove with the ceator of the universe! :-)

I think I'm really starting to love life! It's so beatiful, it's like a dream!

Every thing comes together.

I don't like the approach of grabbing any thing and shoving it in the hole to answer a question.

I love God, with a passion! :-)

Sep 20,2007 \/
I'm one of the two witnesses of Reverlation, and Jennifer Benders daughter is the other. I'll marry her. (she possibly might get me out of hospital, too). I seem to also have an idea as ruling with a rod of iron. I don't know how it fits with the Bible. But it is how I see myself. What I seen in my visions.

Me and Jenny, will have oodols of fun. I'm be an example of what real life as a man should be. And Jenny, will be an exmple of what a real woman should be like.

I've some times amagined us acting like babies, talking about poos or some thing with kid talk.

God's giving me the desires of my heart.

Up and down, up and down, Up and down the halls!. da, di,da,di daa!

It's happening again. My strenght is built up and then I do out of the ordainary things! Sep  Fri 21. This time long time ago, I would was told some thing when I was by my self. Bethia's 19th birthday today. Maybe I'll do a e-card.

I don't try and work out Gods will. I just let him work through me. I just be  myself. Life abundantly! :-)

How am I, mentally very good. But pysically(sp) sick. So Don't need pill for my mental health, and shouldn't have pills, because they make me sick.

If you take the playing with cars etc. out of being me. You have to take my love for life, that I have when play with the cars.

You'd better change your tune, because my tune's constant.

88 hits for replacing 'double' with 'dub'- in the 'vects' part of my jec library.

No one is convincing my that I'm some how sick.

How do I know if it's God's will? I be my self, I injoy people and life. I do God's will by being my self, (totally natural).

...Oh, forgot what I was going to put...

Why would I risk going to mental hospital? I would never run head on with a car etc, unless there was a strong enough reason otherwise. And I know what elevated mood is, and I don't like feeling good because of some thing throw way. I believe I went on the road as part of God's direction, which shows how much I love God. I only want what God wants. I've opened my self to God, put my self on the alter as a living sacrife, and am being refined. I soo, love God. I don't worry what God's will is, I just be my self, and since I'm open to God I do things of God's directing.

I've been put in here [M hos]  for being myself. And I can be myself because God is on the throne of my life.

It's funny people being convince of my madness, when I'm not even!

Someone obeying the first commandment shouldn't be put in a mental hospital!

I'm in some ways worse than when I first went into hospital. I don't say 'hi' and 'Hello' to people on the way past (not as friendly).

I want out and off. Out of hospital, and off meds. I'm isolated from people in hospital. I'm bound up with meds. Out of hospital I'd be freed to be myself better, (and I just love the LORD). Off meds, would free up my body, that hard on my brain.

I think back to resent things I've done, and show strong excitement.

I have adventrous feelings.

Enter into the kingdom of heaven through much tribulation.

Mad, or living for God. With my focus on things above, on visions I guess.

I have excited expection in the impossible things! I can't contain my self!

One time I was as of the mind I have now.
>>
What were the sircome stances before being hosptialised.I was in a different inviroment , for 8 days. I had a room to myself, where I could talk to God, and did. And from doing that I saw things yet to be. My relatioinship with my Dad was restored, before it was terrible I would also get up early, and take my Bible study with me and go to the vat place, and study there.m On the 8th day I started lying down around the place.

_Visit_to_the_Lind's_
I got dropped off in town. Talked to a police man. Aboiut running on the Grass neat the foot path. Talked brefly to man. But I couldn't find the place. Asked directions from some kidsto the Lind's place. But I couldn't find the place. so went and lay down. Then I went and found them, they had just returned from holiday (had I found the place eailer, I would have missed them.)

_Going to Church_
I knew My family were going to church. So I walked up the road, so as to get picked up by them. But I saw a dead cow in an obsure place. So I went to say about it. I was humming a long. When a load of kids came out of a house, and met me, with questions. After the kids, I thought I'd be late, so I started to gap it, and must have dropped my note book. Ian Fraser was right there on the side of the road, and took me to church.
<<

Last time I tried, I couldn't do Bible reading.

I don't believe I'm sick, so show me that I am.

I'm at the point of uselessness, I just lie down. Haven't really got motivation. I don't seem too have much effort left.

I've been sick on meditcation for 2 years. I can't think things out, and it hurts to try.

How do you reconcile my love for God, and elevated mood? Because I obey the first commandment, which overshadows every thing else, and I can do extreem things.

Things haven't been explained to me. I seem to suppose to just exept things without question.

I've been in hospital and on more medication for over a month. And still think the same, (eg running at a car being a good idea at the time).

Could you run through was has been said, so that I know that you haven't have some wrong idea>

I feel on the brink of a fantastic life! :-)

Are the desires of my heart from God?

But your just running in circles.

I get really angray (spelling makes me wrothed), because of saying bad of what God is doing.

God has my money , etc.

I see great things ahead! :-)

God never leaves us alone.

I want to hurry up, be off medication, and fly!

I seem to for get things soon. Like writing some thing down.

Short term memory loss, I think.

