NoDe book 747:
D for Dad (as he bought it for me).

Friday 3rd July, '09 \/
3rd Conference.
Learn to take notes.
How does my life fit into Your plan.
Reading scripture filling with the heart of God.
Mar 1. Act 8
Pray and ask the LORD about finding scriptures for making a discision(sp).
Act 16
The path of lessed resistance.
Has to be tested against scripture. And good councel(sp).
|_ 2Timothy 1:2 -- To Timothy, my dearly beloved son: Grace, mercy, and peace, from God the Father and Christ Jesus our Lord.
Mind of Christ.
What am I good at.
37 years campus life.
Needs always needs.
Christian orgainsation(sp).
|_Psalms 47:5 -- God is gone up with a shout, the LORD with the sound of a trumpet.
I like programming computer.
What has God put in my heart to do?
You need to go with your desires and passions.
NIche.
Try things.
No clue 20 years before.
Lord I'm willing to trust you.
Relax, God is in control.
How does my life fit in to what Your doing.

Main Meeting July 4,'09, \/
Active afternoon: 3 Max 2nd - Jason Bourn, 1st Ethan Hunt

Level 3 training July 5,'09, \/
|_Matthew 4:18 -- And Jesus, walking by the sea of Galilee, saw two brethren, Simon called Peter, and Andrew his brother, casting a net into the sea: for they were fishers.
19 -- And he saith unto them, Follow me, and I will make you fishers of men.
20 -- And they straightway left their nets, and followed him.
21 -- And going on from thence, he saw other two brethren, James the son of Zebedee, and John his brother, in a ship with Zebedee their father, mending their nets; and he called them.
22 -- And they immediately left the ship and their father, and followed him.
Choose who you are going to pour your heart into.
|_Luke 6:12 -- And it came to pass in those days, that he went out into a mountain to pray, and continued all night in prayer to God.
13 -- And when it was day, he called unto him his disciples: and of them he chose twelve, whom also he named apostles;
Those who are responible(sp) in the small things, will also be so in the big.
More are caught than taught.
|_Mark 9:25 -- When Jesus saw that the people came running together, he rebuked the foul spirit, saying unto him, Thou dumb and deaf spirit, I charge thee, come out of him, and enter no more into him.
26 -- And the spirit cried, and rent him sore, and came out of him: and he was as one dead; insomuch that many said, He is dead.
27 -- But Jesus took him by the hand, and lifted him up; and he arose.
28 -- And when he was come into the house, his disciples asked him privately, Why could not we cast him out?
29 -- And he said unto them, This kind can come forth by nothing, but by prayer and fasting.
-- Prayer impotance (or is it importance?)
Mat 28 (end)
2nd part. You are leaders
Mr. Goetrzen - Canada

Team time:
Right. Writing out encouragement notes.

Meeting July 6,'09, \/
Josh say beside me. All born in April (famus people (some)) including Russel Crow, and Shake Spear(sp).

Campus time:
Bring your mates. Near death experence(sp). Come back from lies your past experiences(sp).

Bardoe July 8,'09 \/
Brett went to the middle east. Took lots of photos How many people really pray. |_Eph 2 1 - 10 |_Eph 3 14 - 4 |_Eph 4 1 - 6  4:6 -- in all |_Eph 2 6 Soilder chained to Paul -- captive audience(sp). Christ praying a lot. |_Tim -- not a spirit of fear. Have courage(sp). Satan can only bait your hook if God lets him. Gentleness and meekness is strength under control. No man in a hero to his servant. Making an effort to show Christian love. |_Eph 4 2 -- for bearing |_Col 3 13 -- forbearing