Notes:

1.04.'10 - Try Virtual Dub export as gif. [ ]

See also c:\jpro\web\aaCarDetails.html
Car insurance:
Policy Number: AAI6807824
Quote number: AQE10215654

DivX has some thing to do with video editing, I think a down load:
http://www.divx.com/en/software/windows/divx/update

>>
My mullett:
Oh, yes the hair cut, forgot about that. I had hair down near to my eyes before that. A friend said he'd cut it. I just wanted a trim around the edges, but the sissors weren't much good. Then I thought get certain cuts and take photos, but my "friend" did what ever he liked. I knew Timothy was still working on his show, so I left the back meaning to come back later for it to be finished. The guy Damian is away for a while now.

I think why I've keeped it, is because there are people that really like it, and think I suit it. Including a flat mate and Rosemary (she thinks I should grow it longer and have a pony tail).  I don't think it's flash either, but maybe for the sake of the people that like it I could compromise by getting it cut later. Or get it cut on Monday (asap, after I get up), and can say some people find it horrible, which isn't a very good balance. Have a hair cut that isn't loved or hated.

Forget Timothy's guitar playing and singing. Check out my hair cut!
<<

|_Proverbs 16:3 -- Commit thy works unto the LORD, and thy thoughts shall be established.

Actor: Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith. Hayden Christensen was born in Vancouver, British Columbia on April 19th of 1981

Walter Bright graduated from Caltech in 1979 with a degree in mechanical engineering.

Me and Timothy playing soccer some jolly place - you tube goaly soccer

I hate thora, it's thoraly misserable.

At last I get some scores with my papers for 2008 B semester: COMP126 A-, and ALED100 C+. Both provisonal

It helps to be able to read peoples thoughts when writing.

Israel 60th anniversary(sp)

My timer program played an alert at a funny time.

The word turn has the second letter turned around at the forth letter.

Money on Friday May 9,2008 - $17,617.59

!!!   ERROR 2043: No INFs found that match the active devices on the system. - GFX setup

Maybe I did remember, but I forgot.

You repeat papers, because you lost the other papers.

You take steps to the right conclusion. And jumps to the wrong conclusion.

What does being transformed look like?

Lord have your way in me.

e·the·re·al
2. extremely delicate or refined: ethereal beauty.

Now when you get old, it can be very though.

Quite end of town. Only really heard the shyreen.

Needed a traylor, a car with a tail bar, hedge cutter, and a power cable.

God is 3 in person, and 1 in essence.

$2,390.35 back benifit - 'don't spend it all a tonce' - ha!

Christ: 537 hits
Christ Jesus: 58 hits

>>
Ezra:

1st hit for Ezra - 'For he was wiser than all men;'

Ezra 7:10 -- For Ezra had prepared his heart to seek the law of the LORD, and to do it, and to teach in Israel statutes and judgments.

|_Nehemiah 12:36 -- And his brethren, Shemaiah, and Azarael, Milalai, Gilalai, Maai, Nethaneel, and Judah, Hanani, with the musical instruments of <David> the man of God, and <Ezra> the scribe before them.

<<

Dad got an e-mail from Marilyn(sp).
Dad bank automatic transfers.
Ring Ria.Why isn't she going on gmail. Ria got broad bane yet?
Needs a mic ear phones.
Dad talk to Santana, on my phone.
Dad got bags of pine cones and sticks, near the lake.

1. Phone 096231503
2. Is there spaces free for 2 people tomorrow (22nd). 2 Students from Hamilton to Tokoroa.
3. 4988 7210 0179 1291

2 people 2 spaces 2morrow on the 22 Sep

Bus Notes:
####

Look at this devide by 0 errror I made;
dub xdal,ydal,radius=20/0;

Thu Sep 27
Tell Tim about speaking at Mangakino, about mission trip. 7th Oct would be good.
Thunder bird on Dad's pc, not working.
Santana Bible, and Mary quesiton. Mary calls Jesus, saviour. Find answers to questions in John. Acts is about the early church.
Garry into computers. Comes one time a month to chruch.
Ask about Timothy talking at maori.
Look up answers for universileism. Need to recieve Christ, so not every one. Nichdemous(sp) was a religious man, but Christ said he needed to born again. There're plenty of stuff in John to answer your questions.
Meet Timothy and hear story about the trip. Timothy could speak in different places. Has Timothy told Dale about trip, might have Tim speak at his chruch.

Grieving the Holy Spirit:
Sin gives palace to the Devil. Sin of griving of the Holy Spirit. An understatement. Dig deep into this.
Live in constant conversion. Putting off the old man, putting on the new man.

Early and later feelings. I can't be bothered feeling is a early feeling, ignore it, so that you have a better later feeling. A feeling of victory.

I think, I've been being lazy, using the excuse of the pill effects.

Dad: 1 Oct
Good farm work.
Book on evangelism for Timothy.
Hector wants Timothy to talk with him.
What over night leave at hostel?
Ask Timothy if he's contacted Hector.

I forget stuff Dad says to me on the phone.

I was making my net stone, but I had a piece too short, so I didn't use it. Later Santana needed it, so shes got it for her net stone.

I went out and ran at a car full tilt. Then jumped aside, thoughing my hands up. I heard some screams. I ran after another car, but it was too fast. Then I think I just walked up the right side of the road on foot. Ended up talking to a lady through her car window, across the road from the police station. She said I would be slower than cars, and I sort of said I had just found that already. I then walked on the foot path on the left. Later I got picked up by police, it was wet, they took me back to the hostel.

I look back on interactions with people and notice that I had a good responce opposite to the normal responce. For example, I guy buts infrount of me, and get surved(sp) before me, but I don't feel any animostity.

Delight thy self in the Lord, and he will give you the desires of your heart. He will give you the desires. For example, you might have these different desires, but when you start living for the Lord, He starts giving you desires in line with Him.

I just so, love you Lord! Your the best there is! I don't really know how it's going to all work, but with You I know that it will be good. And it's good now.

Some body's calling your name, can you hear Him? - song

Daddy, I love you! ^ ^ I love you - I love you - I love you! :-)

Psa 1:6  GOD charts the road you take.

Timothy's part of the accountiblity(sp) group.

If I'm going to have such a great impact for God, then the Devil will through every thing at me.

I want to learn to sing!

72 songs in file.

Living beyond the possible.

God will make a way!

Gen 5:23  Enoch lived a total of 365 years. 
Gen 5:31  Lamech lived a total of 777 years. And he died. 

I'm good to talk to. Can talk deep stuff.

Fix it, saving money.

I know whatever comes, He'll have a way. - David Meece

We are not on our own. - David Meece

I feel frustaited with seeing people that look like they need something, and having less, but with the meds I'm a bit weak.

I forget about Bible reading.

I seem have two point of view of me. One the body saying it can't, but another (spirit) that has me say God's so great!

|_ 2Timothy 1:7 -- For God hath not given us the spirit of fear; but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind.

I seem to be even more on the side, that I don't have a mental illness.

I think I'll a good understanding of overthingg. How the world works, The best way to look at the different things, facits.

Melvin said I should have told him about me staying at the hostel.

The faithfulness of God.

M health nasty summary. I find the summery very poor, looks like it was done by some with some thing against me. I think M health is crook, going by the summary. Maybe by some one that was amotional at the time, effecting the ability to be acrate.

Add batch file setup with JviewD.

Chris Canham:
Kool ! Will see u at church . Ur dad looks well - it was good to see him  Drove past the old farm yesterday - brought back some good memories . Remember ur mum - clear as anything - she sure as cooked a good feed !

Ask about drivers licence.
