//#upTo ##################

(Eph 6:18)  Praying always with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit, and watching thereunto with all perseverance and supplication for all saints;

(Mat 14:23)  And when he had sent the multitudes away, he went up into a mountain apart to pray: and when the evening was come, he was there alone.

(Deu 4:7)  For what nation is there so great, who hath God so nigh unto them, as the LORD our God is in all things that we call upon him for?

(Mat 5:44)  But I say unto you, Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you, and persecute you;

(Jas 5:16)  Confess your faults one to another, and pray one for another, that ye may be healed. The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much.

(1Th 5:16)  Rejoice evermore.

(1Th 5:17)  Pray without ceasing.

(1Th 5:18)  In every thing give thanks: for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus concerning you.

(Eph 3:14)  For this cause I bow my knees unto the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ,

(Eph 3:15)  Of whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named,

(Eph 3:16)  That he would grant you, according to the riches of his glory, to be strengthened with might by his Spirit in the inner man;

(Eph 3:17)  That Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith; that ye, being rooted and grounded in love,

(Eph 3:18)  May be able to comprehend with all saints what is the breadth, and length, and depth, and height;

(Eph 3:19)  And to know the love of Christ, which passeth knowledge, that ye might be filled with all the fulness of God.

(Eph 3:20)  Now unto him that is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think, according to the power that worketh in us,

(Eph 3:21)  Unto him be glory in the church by Christ Jesus throughout all ages, world without end. Amen.

//#upTo ##################

(1Jn 5:13)  These things have I written unto you that believe on the name of the Son of God; that ye may know that ye have eternal life, and that ye may believe on the name of the Son of God.

(1Jn 5:14)  And this is the confidence that we have in him, that, if we ask any thing according to his will, he heareth us:

(1Jn 5:15)  And if we know that he hear us, whatsoever we ask, we know that we have the petitions that we desired of him.

(Psa 43:3)  O send out thy light and thy truth: let them lead me; let them bring me unto thy holy hill, and to thy tabernacles.

(Psa 43:4)  Then will I go unto the altar of God, unto God my exceeding joy: yea, upon the harp will I praise thee, O God my God.

(Dan 9:3)  And I set my face unto the Lord God, to seek by prayer and supplications, with fasting, and sackcloth, and ashes:

(Dan 9:4)  And I prayed unto the LORD my God, and made my confession, and said, O Lord, the great and dreadful God, keeping the covenant and mercy to them that love him, and to them that keep his commandments;

(Mat 16:19)  And I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven: and whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in heaven: and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven.

(Eph 6:10)  Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord, and in the power of his might.

(Eph 6:11)  Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil.

(Eph 6:12)  For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places.

(Eph 6:13)  Wherefore take unto you the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand.

(Eph 6:14)  Stand therefore, having your loins girt about with truth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness;

(Eph 6:15)  And your feet shod with the preparation of the gospel of peace;

(Eph 6:16)  Above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked.

(Eph 6:17)  And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God:

(Eph 6:19)  And for me, that utterance may be given unto me, that I may open my mouth boldly, to make known the mystery of the gospel,

(Eph 6:20)  For which I am an ambassador in bonds: that therein I may speak boldly, as I ought to speak.

(Jer 29:11)  For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, saith the LORD, thoughts of peace, and not of evil, to give you an expected end.

(Jer 29:12)  Then shall ye call upon me, and ye shall go and pray unto me, and I will hearken unto you.

(Jer 29:13)  And ye shall seek me, and find me, when ye shall search for me with all your heart.
