R Group week 2 - Prayer

|_ 1Samuel 1:11 -- And she vowed a vow, and said, O LORD of hosts, if thou wilt indeed look on the affliction of thine handmaid, and remember me, and not forget thine handmaid, but wilt give unto thine handmaid a man child, then I will give him unto the LORD all the days of his life, and there shall no razor come upon his head.
|_ 1Samuel 1:19 -- And they rose up in the morning early, and worshipped before the LORD, and returned, and came to their house to Ramah: and Elkanah knew Hannah his wife; and the LORD remembered her. 20 -- Wherefore it came to pass, when the time was come about after Hannah had conceived, that she bare a son, and called his name Samuel, saying, Because I have asked him of the LORD.
|_Matthew 26:36 -- Then cometh Jesus with them unto a place called Gethsemane, and saith unto the disciples, Sit ye here, while I go and pray yonder. 37 -- And he took with him Peter and the two sons of Zebedee, and began to be sorrowful and very heavy. 38 -- Then saith he unto them, My soul is exceeding sorrowful, even unto death: tarry ye here, and watch with me. 39 -- And he went a little farther, and fell on his face, and prayed, saying, O my Father, if it be possible, let this cup pass from me: nevertheless not as I will, but as thou wilt. 40 -- And he cometh unto the disciples, and findeth them asleep, and saith unto Peter, What, could ye not watch with me one hour? 41 -- Watch and pray, that ye enter not into temptation: the spirit indeed is willing, but the flesh is weak. 42 -- He went away again the second time, and prayed, saying, O my Father, if this cup may not pass away from me, except I drink it, thy will be done. 43 -- And he came and found them asleep again: for their eyes were heavy. 44 -- And he left them, and went away again, and prayed the third time, saying the same words. 45 -- Then cometh he to his disciples, and saith unto them, Sleep on now, and take your rest: behold, the hour is at hand, and the Son of man is betrayed into the hands of sinners.
|_Genesis 15:2 -- And Abram said, LORD God, what wilt thou give me, seeing I go childless, and the steward of my house is this Eliezer of Damascus? 3 -- And Abram said, Behold, to me thou hast given no seed: and, lo, one born in my house is mine heir. 4 -- And, behold, the word of the LORD came unto him, saying, This shall not be thine heir; but he that shall come forth out of thine own bowels shall be thine heir. 5 -- And he brought him forth abroad, and said, Look now toward heaven, and tell the stars, if thou be able to number them: and he said unto him, So shall thy seed be. 6 -- And he believed in the LORD; and he counted it to him for righteousness.
|_Genesis 21:1 -- And the LORD visited Sarah as he had said, and the LORD did unto Sarah as he had spoken. 2 -- For Sarah conceived, and bare Abraham a son in his old age, at the set time of which God had spoken to him. 3 -- And Abraham called the name of his son that was born unto him, whom Sarah bare to him, Isaac. 4 -- And Abraham circumcised his son Isaac being eight days old, as God had commanded him. 5 -- And Abraham was an hundred years old, when his son Isaac was born unto him. 6 -- And Sarah said, God hath made me to laugh, so that all that hear will laugh with me. 7 -- And she said, Who would have said unto Abraham, that Sarah should have given children suck? for I have born him a son in his old age.
|_ 1Chronicles 6:36 -- The son of Elkanah, the son of Joel, the son of Azariah, the son of Zephaniah, 37 -- The son of Tahath, the son of Assir, the son of Ebiasaph, the son of Korah, 38 -- The son of Izhar, the son of Kohath, the son of Levi, the son of Israel. 39 -- And his brother Asaph, who stood on his right hand, even Asaph the son of Berachiah, the son of Shimea,
|_ 1Chronicles 7:14 -- The sons of Manasseh; Ashriel, whom she bare: (but his concubine the Aramitess bare Machir the father of Gilead:
|_Matthew 17:20b --  for verily I say unto you, If ye have faith as a grain of mustard seed, ye shall say unto this mountain, Remove hence to yonder place; and it shall remove; and nothing shall be impossible unto you. |_Mark 11:24 -- Therefore I say unto you, What things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them.
25 -- And when ye stand praying, forgive, if ye have ought against any: that your Father also which is in heaven may forgive you your trespasses.
|_Luke 18:1 -- And he spake a parable unto them to this end, that men ought always to pray, and not to faint;
|_Luke 18:9 -- And he spake this parable unto certain which trusted in themselves that they were righteous, and despised others:
10 -- Two men went up into the temple to pray; the one a Pharisee, and the other a publican.
11 -- The Pharisee stood and prayed thus with himself, God, I thank thee, that I am not as other men are, extortioners, unjust, adulterers, or even as this publican.
12 -- I fast twice in the week, I give tithes of all that I possess.
13 -- And the publican, standing afar off, would not lift up so much as his eyes unto heaven, but smote upon his breast, saying, God be merciful to me a sinner.
14 -- I tell you, this man went down to his house justified rather than the other: for every one that exalteth himself shall be abased; and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted.
|_John 14:13 -- And whatsoever ye shall ask in my name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son.
|_John 15:7 -- If ye abide in me, and my words abide in you, ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done unto you.
|_James 4:2b -- ye fight and war, yet ye have not, because ye ask not.
3 -- Ye ask, and receive not, because ye ask amiss, that ye may consume it upon your lusts.
|_ 1John 5:14 -- And this is the confidence that we have in him, that, if we ask any thing according to his will, he heareth us:
15 -- And if we know that he hear us, whatsoever we ask, we know that we have the petitions that we desired of him.
|_John 16:23 -- And in that day ye shall ask me nothing. Verily, verily, I say unto you, Whatsoever ye shall ask the Father in my name, he will give it you.
24 -- Hitherto have ye asked nothing in my name: ask, and ye shall receive, that your joy may be full.
|_Luke 11:5 -- And he said unto them, Which of you shall have a friend, and shall go unto him at midnight, and say unto him, Friend, lend me three loaves;
6 -- For a friend of mine in his journey is come to me, and I have nothing to set before him?
7 -- And he from within shall answer and say, Trouble me not: the door is now shut, and my children are with me in bed; I cannot rise and give thee.
8 -- I say unto you, Though he will not rise and give him, because he is his friend, yet because of his importunity he will rise and give him as many as he needeth.
9 -- And I say unto you, Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you.
10 -- For every one that asketh receiveth; and he that seeketh findeth; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened.
11 -- If a son shall ask bread of any of you that is a father, will he give him a stone? or if he ask a fish, will he for a fish give him a serpent?
12 -- Or if he shall ask an egg, will he offer him a scorpion?
13 -- If ye then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children: how much more shall your heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask him?
14 -- And he was casting out a devil, and it was dumb. And it came to pass, when the devil was gone out, the dumb spake; and the people wondered.
15 -- But some of them said, He casteth out devils through Beelzebub the chief of the devils.
Timothy read - |_Psalms 66:18 -- If I regard iniquity in my heart, the Lord will not hear me:
Joel read - |_Isaiah 59:2 -- But your iniquities have separated between you and your God, and your sins have hid his face from you, that he will not hear.
Rosemary read - |_Proverbs 28:18 -- Whoso walketh uprightly shall be saved: but he that is perverse in his ways shall fall at once.
|_Psalms 46:10a -- Be still, and know that I am God:
|_Psalms 131:2a -- Surely I have behaved and quieted myself,
|_ 1Samuel 3:10 -- And the LORD came, and stood, and called as at other times, Samuel, Samuel. Then Samuel answered, Speak; for thy servant heareth.
|_Isaiah 55:2b -- and your labour for that which satisfieth not? hearken diligently unto me, and eat ye that which is good, and let your soul delight itself in fatness.
3 -- Incline your ear, and come unto me: hear, and your soul shall live; and I will make an everlasting covenant with you, even the sure mercies of David.

Sit wait and meditate. Quite time.