Spiriital breathing: - an exhurt from 'Ho to walk in the Spirit' - by Bill Bright pages 11 - 13

EXHALE--CONFESS

   If yiou retake the throne, the control centre, of your life through sin - a deliberate act of disobedience - breathe spiritually. First, exhale by confession. God's Word promies in 1 John 1:9 that, "If we confess our sins, He is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness." Confession (homologeo in the Greek) means agreement with God concerning our sins. Such agreement involves at least three considerations
   First, you must acknowledge that your sins 0 which should be named to God specifically - are wrong and are therefore grievous to God. Second, you through Christ's death on the cross for your sins. Third, you repend which means that you change your attitude toward your sin, The power of the Holy Spirit will enable you to change your conduct. Instead of doing what your old sinful nature - your fleshly self - wants to do, you can now do what God wants you to do.

INHALE--RECEIVE BY FAITH

   Next, inhale by receving the fullness of God's Spirit by faith. Trust Him now to control and empower you, according to Hs comand to "be filled with the Spirit," which in its original meaning means that one is to be constantly and contnually contolled and empowered wth the Holy Spirit moment by moment as a way of life; and according to His promise, that he hears us and grants our requst because we pray according to His will. Continue to claim His love, forgiveness and power by faith and continue to have fellowship with Him  moment by moment.
   You may well wonder how many tmes you must sin before you find yourself back on the spriitual big-dipper - before you become a carnal Christian again. The natural man, the non-Christian, becomes a Christian, a child of God, and his sins are forgive the moment that he receives Christ as his Saviour. At the moment he is flled with the Spirit and is given every spiritual treasure that he will ever need to live a vital, powerful and fruitful witness for our Saviour. He wll draw unpon these spiritual assets by faith.
   The average Christian does not understand the concept of spiritual breathing - the concept of living by faith - and lives instead by feelings. As a result, he finds himself on the spiritual big-dipper, a defeated, carnal Christian.
   Now, as we have already discussed, you can get off that spiritual big-dipper, cease to be a carnal Christian and become a Spirit-filled Christian by practicing spiritual breathing. If you are breathing spiritually - exhaling confessing your sin, and inhaling taking and using the fullness of the Holy Spirit bt faith - you are a Spirit-filled Christian.